The Joe Rogan.
Experience.
And then I was listening to these dudes quite a bit and then led into the next
deployment. I was there a month. Boom, almost died, pretty hard. Um,
teammates saved me and, uh, we had blood on the ground. Like I got blood on,
on target. And then they made a hellacious movement to get me to the medivac,
long story short, I'm eating dinner in the hospital.
One of the first meals jamming out to these dudes. And I was like, mom, I wanna,
I wanna meet Sturgill Simpson. And then she tried to get ahold of them.
So calm eventually did. And, uh, he came, hung out for like two hours.
Uh, I made, uh, my friend now general Baudette wait,
like 15 minutes so that we could finish talking about what we were talking
about, which when you're, when you're an enlisted dude,
you don't make generals wait, but I was on a lot of ketamine. So it was,
it was sweet. But, uh, then, uh, circle headed.
I was headed on his own accord to like donate to the foundation.
So this little tour going on that coincides with the actual album release is
donating to the special forces foundation. So, um,
that helps gold star families,
which are the families that remained of the remainder of the friends that got
killed on this trip. Uh,
so there were four green Berets into EOD techs and, uh,
so that money's going to them and that's, that's what I care about.
I don't like I'm alive. I don't have, uh,
any legs below my knees for those that can't, well,
I can't see my legs on the video anyway, but,
and I don't have my testicles either. So that's a different set of challenges,
but I don't care about getting taken care of other than the normal army
processes, but I want them to get taken care of from the foundation.
So I'm grateful to have these guys as friends now. They're awesome.
They're amazing musicians,
but amazing people and then grateful to be here and just to push that out.
So people that are coming to the shows,
all that money goes to the foundation and then people can go on the foundation's
website, which is special forces, foundation.org. And, uh,
yeah, I appreciate it.
I did DMT three times in a day. Wow. The,
the third time it was a really strong one. And, um,
it, it me up for a while. I don't remember how long afterwards,
but this was during the fear factor days,
but I remember reality the way I described it. The reality was very slippery,
very slippery.
Like I kept thinking that cars were going to fly over the incoming lane and
crashed into my car and kill me a real sleep. I kept thinking like,
be really careful. But then I realized that what that is, is like my ego,
trying to protect me by making me aware of imminent threats
and trying to reestablish its position as a,
in the chain of command.
Because like one of the things about really extreme psychedelic experiences that
they dissolve the ego to the point where you realize like you don't really
matter, like you're a part of some crazy system.
And the only reason why you think you really matters,
cause your biology wants to stay alive because there's these inherent
existential threats to your existence that have always existed throughout time.
And you know, ultimately though it doesn't matter,
cause you're just going to live and die and probably live again. And I, again,
and this is like this never ending cycle. Yeah. And you're.
One of those guys said, anytime you're like fighting it, like you're stuck. It,
it just means you haven't taken her enough.
I think there was like Terence McKenna or one of those guys was like,
you just have to take more in than you can't fight it. Right when you're gone,
you know?
Um, yeah, but I was up for a while, but I was functional. I was,
but I was real nervous and weirded out by Harold on weeks, maybe months. Why.
Did you do it three times in a day where you're trying to do that on purpose?
The first time was light. I went in, but I didn't go in too deep,
but I saw the visuals and I laid there and I, I was like,
I got to the door and I could see through the windows of the house,
but I didn't go inside this second time.
It just like opened up a vortex and socked me through to the center of the
universe. And then it was really, really, really intense.
And then I did it again after that because I loved it because it was so awesome.
I wanted to do it one more time.
I got to do it more.
Let's start with Al with Ari slipping me, Molly. Let's start there.
You slipped them on. Yeah. What are you doing? What are you doing?
I'm much Interested. How did you do it? Where was this.
Putting my children? Oh.
We had a shot. We had a shot before we started.
I had to empty out a capsule and put it into a shot. You out of your mind?
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was, it was great. It was great.
It was not there making me go on this stupid.
Yeah. Joe, what kind of sociopath are we friends with? He did it to punish me.
I have to be sober. You don't give up Molly. You're only giving up alcohol.
I don't do Molly. Cause I just got back from the doctor and he said, Hey,
it's time to get healthy. I agree. So yeah. I agree. You don't think it's crazy.
That you would do that a bit.
You're not doing it to like your college roommate. You get the Molly tested.
Like where are you buying this month?
No, I've done it from my favorite Molly dealer. Molly?
Yeah. Yeah. High pressure, high cholesterol guys. Y'all
One. It killed for about 10 minutes.
I want to do the kicked in on that even was fine.
Aye. Aye. Molly, are you it's, I was only, I was ready to fly that night.
I was on a plane going like, when's this going to stop?
Cause I didn't know that orange juice kicks it back up.
So I'm drinking orange juice. Kicks it back.
Vitamins fussy.
It's just generally on the plane. I'm drinking. Trying to get hydrated.
Cause I'm on Molly. And so I'm drinking Tino's and orange juice.
I may be drinking Tito's while you're on Molly.
Hey Joe, Joe didn't pick the.
Molly, but you already knew you were on it.
Yeah. And I was having.
Severe panic attacks cause I'm like, I don't do Molly.
And I'm thinking that kid died from Molly and Mexico. That comedy writer.
Oh yeah.
I don't think it was that he died from Molly and I'm sitting there going at 46.
I got high blood pressure, high cholesterol. I'm on pain. I'm on meds.
It was great. He noticed how great his wife looked and he was like,
she's awesome. I've got a great wife. I was dead Molly window.
I do this a lot. Do.
You like drinks? I've never done it before. Yeah. The first time.
And what made you want it? Cause I don't really want to do the sobriety things.
You mean for the money? For the Mars team to do a job. So he's doing it for fun,
hard party drug. We had.
A great time. Tom, what would you only use that to Bert? He said he'd.
Do it to you. If this pockets was yesterday then yeah.
You would've all been dosed.
Seriously. Yeah. I said to him, you would not do this to Joe when he goes 100%.
I would. Yeah. It's just like yesterday.
Wouldn't have broken up sobriety. But once I got the idea to do.
That, when you just offer it to us.
Yeah. Why? Why the wouldn't take it? No way he take it. You,
I could offer it to you're a grownup.
This is child. You're not a grown-up. How mad, how mad would you be?
If you got spiked, I'd be very mad at your house. It was your last thing to do.
The problem is if you have something to do, that's good. That's out the way.
You were good. Thank.
You. We were playing a drunk at the podcast. I was.
Having a couple drinks with you and then having Lee,
getting you out of my house, having dinner with my children, relaxing,
getting on a plane and going on tour. Instead that scrapped.
You had so much fun. I don't believe your fake anger.
There's no fake anger in this. Here's what I did. It was.
Thank you. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. End of story. Thank you.
You said that's not what he said, how much he likes being on my side.
Look, I would like to be on your side too, but I would be.
Enraged if he said, he said, I'm going to call Tom.
He's gonna be really mad at you. I'm like there's no,
Tom is going to die laughing instantly. And he goes, no,
he's going to be mad at you.
I really need to tell people what's going on. And they don't even know.
But I know because I did the reading for them. And I mean,
this is all just a social experiment to see how far they can push us
each other out or away from any kind of possible power
we could have to coalesce and go, wait a minute.
You guys are not gonna take any more of our money for your travels. Hey.
You know what I'm saying?
No, you can't. No, you,
it was not in the public sphere.
When she said it was in the public sphere. Who's.
She? Nancy? Nancy Pelosi. It was.
Not in the public's fear. God Nancy. Oh, Nancy.
Nancy is on my last nerve. I've been saying it for 10 years to Nancy.
You're on my last nerve.
You've got a lot to answer for in San Francisco.
What you have allowed on the streets there to the homeless people.
It's disgusting. I go up there and I, I am disgusted.
Crazy right now. I don't think most people know how bad it is.
Or living in and felt their children around drug addicts,
dying in the streets of the richest financial district on the west
coast. You know, where's that money go and do I it's like,
and then Laura Loomer went up there to Nancy's vineyard trying to find her.
It's like,
if you guys don't get yet that it don't matter who the president
is.
It's all a scam to put public money into
private pockets and nothing else you're
being robbed and nothing out. And they're both doing it.
Both parties, both sides, both up and down.
It's about the American people. We have got to go to Washington.
You know that movie, Mrs. Mr. Smith,
I think about we're all needed to be Mr. Smith and all go to Washington was
like, this is our government. That is our tax money.
And it will be audited as Trump has promised.
And as long as president Trump continues to make the moves to keep that
promise to us, I will be supportive of him because that needs to happen.
The federal reserve must be audited and we have to thank president Trump for
going in that direction. How much.
Time do you spend thinking about this stuff?
18 Hours a day.
You went hard in the paint.
Oh dude. I w I was supposed to go so much harder to, yeah.
I had to cut a lot of jokes.
You have to cut a lot of jokes because Caitlyn Jenner didn't want us talking
about her car crash. So Jesus Christ,
that was like the bulk of my material. Don't be here.
I know she didn't even know that it was possible that we were going to do that.
Oh my gosh. I was like,
I know comedy central told me they were like, listen,
we don't think Caitlin knows that those jokes are coming. And I was like,
will you tell her? Or will someone give her a heads up? Like, and they're like,
we don't want to alert her. Cause she might not want to do it now.
So who decided to not do the jokes?
I was doing the jokes around town to get ready for it.
Like I was going like Caitlyn Jenner, uh, such a beautiful woman.
You killed with your car four years ago. You know, stuff like that. Um,
I loved you on keeping up with the car crashing and just like different things.
Um, uh, I love that you, um,
I love that you're a woman that can't men straight yet.
You still managed to have blood on your hands,
like great jokes and you can't mend straight
menstruate menstruate yet. You still manage it. Yeah. You can't get your period,
but you still managed to have blood on your hands. And um, and I was talking to,
and they were like my favorite jokes of my set. They like did this,
like worked the best I was working to set up for like a month before. And um,
who told you to not do them? Well, comedy central strongly advised me not to.
They never said you can't. They've never said that to me,
which is not true because Caitlin Jenner heard the
morning of they had a call with her the morning of the roast that she had heard.
Apparently someone's doing jokes about me and my car crash.
And if, if they do, if I hear the single,
that was a very devastating thing that happened to that family and a woman lost
her life. And if there's a joke about it, I will walk.
And that's what I told gummy central. That would've been awesome.
Before I heard this, I was like, if she gets upset, cause they were like,
if she gets upset, there might be a moment where, you know, she,
the cameras go to her and the problem is I was going first and I was doing all
the jokes about the car crash. Now, if I would have upset her first off,
then the whole show is thrown off and it's weird in the room. I said,
bad press is good press. It's going to get written up so much more.
You guys come on.
So I start driving around and it's still doing its Ford back left, right?
It's still pointing north south. We get to about the 12 o'clock position.
I'm just in a nice, easy descent and a reason. Cause I'm going to ask her,
can you go more aggressive? You can. But when you're out over water,
the water looks the same at 20,000 feet.
Is it does it 2000 feet eat don't you know,
so you can easily put yourself in a nonrecoverable position if you're not paying
attention and you go into the water. So I got this nice, easy to send.
I get to about 12 o'clock. And as I'm coming down, you know, I,
I could guess probably about, you know, 18,000 feet now,
a couple thousand feet below the other airplane,
the tic-tac just kind of rapidly goes and turns. So now it's kind of point east,
west and out Mears us. So it's above the surface, we're up high,
we're coming down and it starts coming up. I'm like,
well this is getting interesting.
So we kind of drive all the way around a circle. I'm descendant, it's coming up.
And I get over to about the eight o'clock position to the nine o'clock and it's
over at about the two o'clock position. Well, the quickest way, as we know,
as kids to get someone, you know,
you can keep going around the circle and nothing's going to happen.
And you cut across the circle. Some about, I dunno,
probably two to 3000 feet above it.
And I just kind of dropped my nose aggressively and I cut across the circle and
it's coming this way. It's because I'm trying to fly to where it's going to be.
Cause I want to join on it. I want to see how close I can get to it. Right.
And as I'm pulling up,
it's kind of starting to cross my nose and it starts to accelerate.
And within about less than a second as I start to pull nose onto it and it
crosses right in front of me, it just goes, and it's gone.
So I called the other airplane. I said, Hey, you guys, you guys see that thing.
And they're like, sir, it's gone. We don't, we don't see it at all. So I'm like,
okay, that's kinda weird. So we, we don't see it. We're looking at same time.
I say, Hey, let's turn around and let's go back to see what was in the water.
You know, there's was there something there?
So he turned around we're right there. We haven't gone anywhere. It's gone.
Water's perfectly, there's no whitewater, nothing. It's just blue or like, okay.
So we turned back around now we're heading back out towards the east.
And I tell the controller. I said, well, I said, uh, you know,
I first said that I'm kind of weirded out. And I told my, my backseat or that.
And we start heading back and the controller on the Princeton,
he comes at me says, sir, you're not going to believe this.
But that thing is back at your cap point.
That was our original point where we were going to hold 40 miles south of the
ship.
So this thing has went from wherever we were at to about 60
miles in, you know, maybe 30, 40 seconds it's already over there.
And it just, and they didn't track it. It just appeared.
He just shows back up on their radar and they go it's here. So we're like, okay,